# Chaincode-token-erc-20
# ERC-20 token scenario
The ERC-20 token smart contract demonstrates how to create and transfer fungible tokens using an account-based model. In an ERC-20 account-based model, there is an account for each participant that holds a balance of tokens. A mint transaction creates tokens in an account, while a transfer transaction debits the caller's account and credits another account.

In this sample it is assumed that only one organization (played by Org1) is in a central banker role and can mint new tokens into their account, while any organization can transfer tokens from their account to a recipient's account. Accounts could be defined at the organization level or client identity level. In this sample accounts are defined at the client identity level, where every authorized client with an enrollment certificate from their organization implicitly has an account ID that matches their client ID. The client ID is simply a base64-encoded concatenation of the issuer and subject from the client identity's enrollment certificate. The client ID can therefore be considered the account ID that is used as the payment address of a recipient.

In this tutorial, you will mint and transfer tokens as follows:
- A member of Org1 uses the Mint function to create new tokens into their account. The Mint smart contract function reads the certificate information of the client identity that submitted the transaction using the GetClientIdentity.GetID() API and credits the account associated with the client ID with the requested number of tokens.
- The same minter client will then use the Transfer function to transfer the requested number of tokens to the recipient's account. It is assumed that the recipient has provided their account ID to the transfer caller out of band. The recipient can then transfer tokens to other registered users in the same fashion.
